binding-off is the next technique in
this tutorial and it's really easy
we need to bind off in order to get
these stitches off your needle so that
you can wear your scarf so it's pretty
much just like knitting with a little
bit of a twist begin by knitting the
first two stitches all right now using
the tip of your left hand needle insert
it into the second stitch on your right
hand needle and pass it over the first
stitch just like that you may want to
use your finger to keep the the first
stitch on there all right now do it
again knit the next stitch now we've got
two again on the right hand needle pass
the second stitch over the first stitch
you can use your finger to hold that on
if you want to I'm just gonna give you a
close-up view just taking it off like
that and it's gooding that new stitch
down so you can see that the old
stitches are laying down across this top
edge like that let's do it again knit
one more insert and pass over so there's
our little bound off edge you want to
make sure that you're not doing this too
tightly okay you really don't want to
crank down on these stitches right here
because then your edge is not going to
be very flexible so this fabric is
really flexible so we need the edge to
be flexible too so that your scarf isn't
a funny shape alright so just working on
down the line there we go ending one
stitch at a time and passing the
previous stitch over the minister so you
get the idea it's pretty straightforward
but this is how we finish off the row of
stitches you're down to the last few
stitches here's what to do continue as
normal and I'll show you what to do oops
I'll show you what to do on the very
last stitch
okay so knit that last stitch pass the
previous one over like that now we've
got one loop left you can take your
needle out cut a six-inch tail of your
yarn just the yarn that you were just
working on and go ahead and pass that
through the last live that was on your
needle you dropped it pull it tight and
you're done so that's what you're bound
off edge should look like it should just
look like these laying down stack of
stitches all along the top of the scarf